Updates to Registration Hook reference error object section (#2912)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/concepts/inline-hooks/index.md

| Property     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                        | Data Type |
|--------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|
| errorSummary | Human-readable summary of the error.                                                                                                                                                               | String    |

> | reason       | A brief, enum-like string indicating the nature of the error. For example, `UNIQUE_CONSTRAINT` for a property uniqueness violation.                                                                       | String    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| reason       | A brief, enum-like string that indicates the nature of the error. For example, `UNIQUE_CONSTRAINT` for a property uniqueness violation.                                                                       | String    |
```
